Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_Kaldi.md

> # Converting a Kaldi Model <a name="Convert_From_Kaldi"></a> {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_Kaldi}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Converting a Kaldi Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_Kaldi}
```

> > **NOTE**: The Model Optimizer supports the [nnet1](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn1.html) and [nnet2](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn2.html) formats of Kaldi models. Support of the [nnet3](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn3.html) format is limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Model Optimizer supports the [nnet1](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn1.html) and [nnet2](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn2.html) formats of Kaldi models. The support of the [nnet3](http://kaldi-asr.org/doc/dnn3.html) format is limited.
```

> To convert a Kaldi model, run Model Optimizer with the path to the input model `.nnet` or `.mdl` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="Convert_From_Kaldi"></a> To convert a Kaldi model, run Model Optimizer with the path to the input model `.nnet` or `.mdl` file:
```

  --remove_memory       Remove the Memory layer and add new inputs and outputs instead
```

## Examples of CLI Commands

> * To launch the Model Optimizer for the *wsj_dnn5b_smbr* model with the specified `.nnet` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To launch Model Optimizer for the *wsj_dnn5b_smbr* model with the specified `.nnet` file:
```

   ```sh
   mo --input_model wsj_dnn5b_smbr.nnet
   ```

> * To launch the Model Optimizer for the *wsj_dnn5b_smbr* model with existing file that contains counts for the last layer with biases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To launch Model Optimizer for the `wsj_dnn5b_smbr` model with the existing file that contains counts for the last layer with biases:
```

	\f$|C|\f$ - number of elements in the counts array;
  * The normalized counts are subtracted from biases of the last or next to last layer (if last layer is SoftMax).

>   > **NOTE**: Model Optimizer will show warning if a model contains counts values inside and `--counts` option is not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > **NOTE**: Model Optimizer will show warning if a model contains counts values inside and `--counts` option is not used.
```

> 

Reviewer: The formatting here is not correct. The sentence above should be indented.

>   > **NOTE**: Model Optimizer can remove SoftMax layer only if the topology has one output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: Model Optimizer can remove SoftMax layer only if the topology has one output.
```

>   > **NOTE**: You can use the OpenVINO Speech Recognition sample application for sample inference of Kaldi models. The sample supports models with one output. If your model has several outputs, specify the desired one with the `--output` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can use the *OpenVINO Speech Recognition* sample application for the sample inference of Kaldi models. This sample supports models with only one output. If your model has several outputs, specify the desired one with the `--output` option.
```
This can be positioned as another CLI example. Better include a link to the sample (but I'm not sure which one is).

>  If you want to convert a model for inference on Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™, use the `--remove_memory` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Converting a Model for Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ VPU

If you want to convert a model for inference on Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ VPU, use the `--remove_memory` option.
```

> It removes Memory layers from the IR. Instead of them, additional inputs and outputs appear in the IR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It removes the Memory layers from the OpenVINO IR files. Additional inputs and outputs will appear in the IR files instead.
```

> The Model Optimizer outputs the mapping between inputs and outputs. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model Optimizer will output the mapping between inputs and outputs. For example:
```

```sh
[ WARNING ]  Add input/output mapped Parameter_0_for_Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2_out -> Result_for_Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2_out
[ WARNING ]  Add input/output mapped Parameter_1_for_Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2_out -> Result_for_Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2Offset_fastlstm2.r_trunc__2_out
[ WARNING ]  Add input/output mapped Parameter_0_for_iteration_Offset_fastlstm3.c_trunc__3390 -> Result_for_iteration_Offset_fastlstm3.c_trunc__3390
```

>  Based on this mapping, connect inputs and outputs in your application manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on this mapping, link inputs and outputs in your application manually as follows:
```
